black GI is it fair to serve more than
the wide Americans that send you here
nothing is more confused and to be order
into a war to die around the faintest
idea of what's going on
Saiga DK is next record to the soul
brothers of the 1st Infantry Division's
these same
[Music]
intimate welcome back to Vietnam who was
that guy that brother was the best damn
soldier had ever lived
[Music]
we bury they don't you come back and
collect
[Music]
I shall resign the presidency back
broken pants through what you blaming
yourself
you're even though
[Applause]
you'll be dying for this country from
the baguette
Ruby's car
our people
in my line of work I have to be very
good and that means knowing exactly who
I am in business
[Music]